The last video we learn how we can pass in values to our iterators using the next method.
And whenever we pass in an argument to the next method that is basically setting the value of our yield
statements so here I yield 1 which is just the value that's return and the result object.
But then I'm setting the value of this yield statement to be of 4.
So that way whenever it's assigned and then I get to this next yield statement right here the the variable
first is equal to 4 because that's where I set the value of yield 2.
And that's also why when I add together second plus three it's equal to eight.
It's not equal to whatever I yield right here when I yield.
I'm just specifying what I want to return in the results object right here instead of doing that.
I set the value of this yield statement equal to 5.
And that's why we do five plus three is equal to eight instead of whatever this yield is going to return
which in this case would be six.
So it gives me an a instead of a nine.
With that being said we don't just have to pass in values to be returned.
We can also pass in error conditions.
OK.
So what we can do is implement something on the iterator object directly so well do is I'll just copy
what I have right here so I can copy comments at our legs so go up a little bit and throw that in here.
So I'm going to get rid of these first couple invocations right here and then I'm just going to cancel
the log iterator and then throw in new error parentheses and then stop like so.
Now this is very useful not just for asynchronous programming but also for flexibility inside of my
generator functions where I want to be able to mimic the ability to not just return values but also
to stop the flow and throw an error as well.
The two different ways that we can exit a function.
So you can see essentially what happens right here is we call our first two next methods right here
and we get the yield and then we get the assignment in the second yield and then after we get to the
second yield raise here we throw a new error which essentially stops execution.
Similar to what would happen if we just throw a new air in a traditional sense.
And after that the flow completely stops very great for flexibility and you can also include something
like a try catch statement inside of your generator.